Xiaoting
Is it okay? I'm fine.
Wu Tianhan
I just said that as a last resort
You can't blame me, can you?
I almost killed Xiaoting just now
How do you want me to forgive you?
Please don't kill me
Xiaoting Xiaoting
Save me Xiaoting
Help me, Xiaoting
Help me
Go to Xiaoting
Go out Xiaoting
Xiaoting save me Xiaoting
Ah, Professor Wu
You adults don't remember villains
Just treat me like a fart
I don't care how this person is handled
The mayor said
Let you call the shots
Take this person down and follow the strict instructions
Ask other spies next time
Hey, don't try it, don't hit me, I'll tell you everything
I'll tell you everything.
We have to.
Just joined the Li family
Please forgive me.
Help, please forgive me.
Yes, the death penalty is forgiven
The living crime punishes you to build the offensive
Sorry Wu family
I caught Li Jiahao.
Do you want to give me some rewards?
What rainy day
And the face is successfully spared
No one can spare your man
Stop Wu Jiasuo
Wu Jiasuo, you can't do this Wu Jiasuo